Yes Hello I know Well today
I thought I would do a ring with my chest, but
The top video in training to train Hirosusuku muscle yesterday
I did it, but with the prober a
The big chest muscle is
I want to see you a little
I have already stopped training of the pectoral muscles today and today
I would like to do an arm and abs
Well tomorrow I have an event myself
so
I just couldn't do that training
If my arms are still muscular, my chest training will not be possible tomorrow.
Is
Since it is a Yes Thursday Hey Hey training
Today of course to train the breasts, and during this interval
The kana Let's train your abs
Sometimes it works now today that you think that alternating eh Now I'd o'clock Well 19 I'd seven o'clock
I 'm finished
Since a little tired today
The number of events and the number of events are already smaller
In with shorter interval in drove also Ga' Gallura and Bow
Well I want to I eh doing taking to short Yes, please put it in today
Yes thank you
Hahha' huh
Matter Ayu-less nail over
kankan
rar
goo
Ha ha ha
we can
wh
nd
Hmm
voodoo
pr
there were
Listen to me
Yeah yeah
ban
web
elona
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yes I want to end today with this kind of feeling
Well Well somehow Kedomo I was doing while reviewing the video
Home for 8 Ang Cars
Yes I was useless but completely useless
Something
Why do you find out why
like this
I intended to fix the upper body and make a sound only with that arm
Finally I thought in this way closer to the chest that
Because I had a reaction to it
I did not think it was no good
8 is after
What's I guess it is these ring f station
Do this way Yaria' have rail that you and she do without the training to train the Kanto gold
But
Well this is
Is better to stop hitting the Or is better taken here in Shuruma to jerk here
I did it with a little trouble but
I heard both of them and I also heard the waste cows
Yes rest is well and sit-ups thanks Dragon black give lunch
Yes up did it in lighter after
Well, maybe tomorrow
I think it's probably okay I is that I think usually the day after tomorrow to be a pain to care near the top
I would like to do bench press
Well battery plate of winning legs Nemata
Next time I want to do the height of the safety bar properly so as not to be crushed and die
I think so
Yes again I would like to ask you for muscle training Yes
Is 8
Well, because it was the way of the day today, I guess I do not think I'm okay
but
I hope this video is good I like motor and registration and film surface
Because it is good to have people write it
Yes thank you yes so is 8 or more
Thank you for your viewing